mw-parser-output" lang="en" dir="ltr"> Proc(Programmed Random OCcurrence) is the term used to describe when a General , Troop , Legion , Magic , Equipment or Mount triggers its bonus ability, excluding critical hits. Proc rate is the % chance of the item triggering a Proc.

The hit window shows the procs from any one hit. Procs are 
identifiable by their name, generally the first word(s) of the General, 
Troop, Legion, Magic, Equipment or Mounts ability which appears on their
 respective pages.

There are multiple different types of Proc such as:

Damage Boosting - Increases the damage the item does by a predefined amount that can be boosted in some cases.

Critical Boosting - Increases the % damage done on a critical hit

Equipment, Items & Mount drops - Provides a random Equipment/Item piece or a Mount depending on ability

Energy/Stamina/Honor regen - Increases certain resources by a predefined amount

Decrease/Nullify damage - Decreases damage taken from a raid or completely nullifies it

Healing - Heals the player with a certain amount of health

Crit/Critical - 2% base chance to boost damage done by 100%. Doesn't
 require a General, Troop, Legion, Magic, Equipment or Mount to proc a 
critical.

Notes [ ]

Generals, Troops, Legions, Equipment and Mounts without an ability do not have any type of proc.

Community content is available under CC-BY-SA unless otherwise noted.

More Fandoms

Fantasy

3 Comments
 Join the conversation
 Sign in to read what others are saying and share your thoughts.
 SIGN IN Don't have account? Register now

Advertisement

Advertisement

Advertisement

Advertisement

Explore properties

Fandom

Fanatical

GameSpot

Metacritic

TV Guide

Honest Entertainment

Follow Us

Overview

What is Fandom?

Essentials

About

Careers

Press

Contact

Terms of Use

Privacy Policy

Digital Services Act

Global Sitemap

Local Sitemap

Do Not Sell My Personal Information

Community

Community Central

Support

Help

Advertise

Media Kit

Contact

Fandom Apps

Take your favorite fandoms with you and never miss a beat.

Dawn of the Dragons Wiki is a Fandom Games Community.

View Mobile Site

Do Not Sell My Personal Information
 When
 you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect 
information. The information collected might relate to you, your 
preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as 
you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. 
However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may
 impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to 
offer. Click on the different category headings to find out more and 
change our default settings according to your preference. You cannot 
opt-out of our First Party Strictly Necessary Cookies as they are 
deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such 
as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log 
into your account, to redirect you when you log out, etc.). For more 
information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please follow 
this link.

Privacy Policy Allow All Manage Consent Preferences
 Strictly Necessary Cookies
 Always Active These
 cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be 
switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to 
actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as 
setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You 
can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some
 parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any 
personally identifiable information.
 Functional Cookies
 Functional Cookies These
 cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and 
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
 services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies 
then some or all of these services may not function properly.
 Performance Cookies
 Performance Cookies These
 cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure 
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which 
pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around 
the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and 
therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know 
when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its 
performance.
 Targeting Cookies
 Targeting Cookies These
 cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They 
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and 
show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly 
personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser
 and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will 
experience less targeted advertising.
 Social Media Cookies
 Social Media Cookies These
 cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added 
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and 
networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites 
and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content
 and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow 
these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
 Back Button Cookie List

Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label 
 Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices Search this wiki Search all wikis
